README.md, before:

<div align="center">

<img src="https://imgur.com/a/TQLhqZv" width="800" alt="NUCLEER GANER Banner"/>

# NUCLEER GANER v2.0
*Discord Nuker with Bot Token*

**Advanced Discord Server Management & Nuclear Control Panel**  
**Developed by leoniofficials – 2026**

![Python](https://img.shields.io/badge/Python-3.10%2B-blue?logo=python&logoColor=white)
![Discord.py](https://img.shields.io/badge/discord.py-2.3%2B-7289DA?logo=discord&logoColor=white)
![Colorama](https://img.shields.io/badge/colorama-supported-green)
![Status](https://img.shields.io/badge/Status-Active-brightgreen)
![License](https://img.shields.io/badge/License-Educational-red)

> A powerful Discord management tool with a Matrix-style console interface, full control, and over 30 destructive & administrative commands.

</div>

---

## 🌍 Languages / Diller

- **[English](#english-version)**
- **[Türkçe](#türkçe-versiyon)**

---

## English Version

### ✨ Features

- **Matrix-Style Boot Animation** – Hacker movie-like startup with binary rain  
- **Non-blocking Console Input** – Input without interrupting Discord heartbeat  
- **30+ Powerful Commands** – Ban, Kick, Nuke, Spam, Role Management, Server Modification  
- **Safety Confirmation System** – Required verification for dangerous operations (Nuke, Mass Ban)  
- **Webhook & Emoji Spam** – Advanced flooding capabilities  
- **Auto Server Selection** – Automatically targets if bot is in only one server  

### ⚠️ Legal Disclaimer

> **This tool is developed solely for educational purposes and testing on your own servers.**  
> Unauthorized use on servers you do not own violates **Discord Terms of Service** and may result in **permanent account termination**.  
> **The developer assumes no responsibility for misuse.**

### 📸 Screenshots

<div align="center">
  <img src="screenshots/startup.png" alt="Startup Screen" width="800"/>
  <br><br>
  <img src="screenshots/main_menu.png" alt="Main Menu" width="800"/>
  <br><br>
  <img src="screenshots/nuke.png" alt="Nuke Operation" width="800"/>
</div>

### 🛠️ Installation

#### Requirements
- Python 3.10 or higher
- Valid Discord **Bot Token** (not user token)

#### 1. Clone the Repository
```bash
git clone https://github.com/leoniofficials/NUCLEER-GANER
cd NUCLEER-GANER

Commit message:

Revise README for NUCLEER GANER v2.0
Updated README with new images, improved descriptions, and clarified legal disclaimer.

README.md, after:

<div align="center">

<img src="https://i.imgur.com/8ZfZ8Z8.png" width="900" alt="NUCLEER GANER - Discord Nuke Tool"/>

# NUCLEER GANER v2.0

**Advanced Discord Nuke & Server Management Tool**  
**Developed by leoniofficials – 2026**

![Python](https://img.shields.io/badge/Python-3.10%2B-blue?logo=python&logoColor=white)
![Discord.py](https://img.shields.io/badge/discord.py-2.3%2B-7289DA?logo=discord&logoColor=white)
![Colorama](https://img.shields.io/badge/colorama-supported-green)
![Platform](https://img.shields.io/badge/platform-windows%20%7C%20linux%20%7C%20macos-lightgrey)
![Status](https://img.shields.io/badge/status-active-brightgreen)
![License](https://img.shields.io/badge/license-educational-red)

> Powerful Discord server nuke tool with Matrix-style console interface, over 30 destructive/administrative commands, and full control.

</div>

---

## 🌍 Languages

- **[English](#english-version)**
- **[Türkçe](#türkçe-versiyon)**

---

## English Version

### ✨ Features

- **Matrix-Style Boot Animation** – Binary rain & hacker movie startup  
- **Non-blocking Console Input** – Seamless input without interrupting bot  
- **30+ Powerful Commands** – Ban, Kick, Channel/Role Nuke, Spam, Mass DM, Server Rename & more  
- **Professional CLI** – `root@nucleer:~#` style prompt  
- **Safety Confirmation** – Required codes for dangerous ops (NUKE, MASSBAN)  
- **Webhook & Emoji Spam** – Advanced flood attacks  
- **Auto Target Selection** – Locks automatically if bot is in one server  

### ⚠️ Legal Disclaimer

> **This tool is for educational purposes only and must be used exclusively on servers you own or have explicit permission to test.**  
> Unauthorized use violates **Discord Terms of Service** and may result in permanent account termination.  
> **The developer is not responsible for any misuse.**

### 📸 Screenshots

<div align="center">
  <img src="https://i.imgur.com/TQLhqZv.png" alt="NUCLEER GANER Full Demo" width="900"/>
  <br><br>
  <img src="https://i.imgur.com/placeholder_startup.png" alt="Startup Screen" width="800"/>
  <br><br>
  <img src="https://i.imgur.com/placeholder_menu.png" alt="Main Menu" width="800"/>
  <br><br>
  <img src="https://i.imgur.com/placeholder_nuke.png" alt="Nuke Operation" width="800"/>
</div>

### 🛠️ Installation

#### Requirements
- Python 3.10 or higher
- Valid **Discord Bot Token** (not user token)

#### 1. Clone Repository
```bash
git clone https://github.com/leoniofficials/discord-nuker
cd discord-nuker
